you're not paying attention that time
I've ever made it to your loss for words
okay what are you doing now I'm crushing
some haze and actually shot being
roasted in the oven putting them in the
watercress yeah and then I'm going to
add some of my lovely vinaigrette that I
make yes okay I'm with you so far okay
yeah okay well let around begin to look
really pretty i can see how this is
coming together just because you get
this lovely lovely sort of fresh tasting
crisp apple actually Sorry Sorry Sorry
Sorry Sorry a little bit of sweetness in
there the pepperiness of the watercress
absolutely right han Xin this of the
hazelnut am I getting well so far
sweetness of the apples as well and
sweet inside the treatments are lost but
note by noemi Lee's the foie gras I got
really get worried about that you're
never going to see it just warm the
knife oh no a Chevy trick isn't it yes
you stick it in the flame and then it
just helps slice through some some seal
it in that's right if you just season
that sold bit of pepper now we're going
to cut the bar graph then the fungi just
goes in when it's really really let hobb
nothing in clouds of smoke and and it
immediately starts losing some of its
own some bad fat then yep but this is
part of the nerve of the chef's you Dave
turn it over you let me get panic you
just leave it there absolutely right and
they put it on that and label on the
black pudding which is quite soft asleep
French banqueting it is it very crumbly
crumbly and very delicious easy easy to
eat I think she's gonna be you piece
together some more absolutely favorite
thing I love black pudding and unlike
you I'm very fond of English back
wedding but anything is a slice of foie
gras I feel slips down it has a real
sense of luxury to it ya know it's I
mean this is one of my favorite chicken
salad is done
okay so a little drupal of the oil and
then what do you use all that fat that's
come out and nothing again don't save it
for racing rip potatoes in not when it
birds they just throw that way there we
go what up and what the frig would call
a kidder John does this taste as good as
it looks it tastes better than looks it
looked very very pretty nominee you got
a big enough night I'm going to use a
big enough lab because I think it's
easier to slice through you have to have
a bit of everything on one shovelful
okay I'm going to do that 1 2 3 t.o all
together then whack and then you
sentation soft rich suckle clever little
ping at the end oh absolutely do it at
all and speechless hello days imagine
this is delicious I left one black
pudding into something that I don't have
a look a bit obvious delicious and
everything works together so you didn't
know that pig's blood could chase say
goodnight moon John hey are you please
minute I'm in love with myself are you
that's so good the beginning of a
lifelong romance and there's a
disappointment s okay well if I think
for what would it mean with you thank
you quickly quickly make John's fabulous
signature dish you need to pick up some
foie gras and some black pudding from a
fine deli counter or butcher for the
vanilla apples in the granny smith
apples caster sugar and the vanilla pod
to make a salad you will also need to
buy watercress sherry vinegar groundnut
oil hazelnut Borg hazelnuts and gun